support docsify init --plugins (#99)
docsifyjs/docsify-cli: README.md

Reviewer: could you revert this as well? we need those badges and the header at the center.

Author: oh yeah absolutely sorry I copied the one from docs/, i'll revert it

  - Type: string
  - Default: `vue`
  - Description: Choose a theme, defaults to `vue`, other choices are `buble`, `dark` and `pure`.
- `--plugins` option:
  - Shorthand: `-p`
  - Type: array
  - Default: `[]`

>   - Description: Provide a list of plugins to insert as `<script>` tags to `index.html`. If a plugin name is provided the script will have a url of `https://unpkg.com/docsify/lib/plugins/<plugin_name>`, otherwise provide the url to the plugin. Example: `docsify init docs/ -p search gitalk https://unpkg.com/docsify-copy-code@2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Description: Provide a list of plugins to insert as `<script>` tags to `index.html`. If a plugin name is provided the script will have a url of `https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify@4/lib/plugins/<plugin_name>`, otherwise provide the url to the plugin. Example: `docsify init docs/ -p search gitalk https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/docsify-copy-code@2`
```
